docs(appdir): emphasize useclient with UploadButton (#533)
pingdotgg/uploadthing: docs/src/pages/getting-started/appdir.mdx

### Mount A Button And Upload!

<Callout type="info">

> Don't forget to add the `"use client;"` directive at the top of your file, since `UploadButton`need to run on the client-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to add the `"use client;"` directive at the top of your file, since the `UploadButton` component needs to run on the client-side.
```
